esquina-investimento ruim
esquina-investimento ok
esquina-investimento bom
esquina-investimento otimo
n_esquina-investimento pessimo
n_esquina-investimento ruim
n_esquina-investimento ok
n_esquina-investimento bom
bonita-investimento ok
bonita-investimento bom
bonita-investimento otimo
n_bonita-investimento pessimo
n_bonita-investimento ruim
n_bonita-investimento ok
bem_localizada-investimento ok
bem_localizada-investimento bom
bem_localizada-investimento otimo
n_bem_localizada-investimento pessimo
n_bem_localizada-investimento ruim
n_bem_localizada-investimento ok
alvenaria-investimento ruim
alvenaria-investimento ok
alvenaria-investimento bom
alvenaria-investimento otimo
n_alvenaria-investimento pessimo
n_alvenaria-investimento ruim
n_alvenaria-investimento ok
n_alvenaria-investimento otimo
grande-investimento ok
grande-investimento bom
grande-investimento otimo
n_grande-investimento pessimo
n_grande-investimento ruim
n_grande-investimento ok
